lady has the ability to beat these tough
guys what did you think when that taught
the round knockdown happened what was
going through a nice sort of splashback
the shot as a Belgian town
just this
if Sergio credit he was groggy and
everything to get fun
do you think if he had more of a mature
experienced you know more bug he just
was like the frontal commotion I mean
look at the you know you think about
power brushes
this guy through 500 to James
Martinez hit
Chavez percentages with much higher
Dean Smith wrote
anyways David number of punches why
don't you think Chavez was able to get
off like he wanted to know because
trains can't do that his father's safe
train like a regular planet do you see
this going into something that would be
like an immediate rematch or is it
something you guys maybe do an integral
flight level they want to do an
immediate rematch I mean this fight did
unbelievable business the next fight
shea/for the put on something against
little even beg a bit nervous if I if do
you feel that Martinez other than the 12
around and find a perfect fight and you
would need to find a great fight a guy
I'll be asleep I up for shoppin but so I
didn't like it's gonna like Stanley
Krista naruto 10 to 1 yeah I gave him
the six-round show but there's an
argument the month he was one in six
round but the other end is still
watching another rounds were close
hadn't up in front of 12th round he
wouldn't people would be very
disciplined and they wouldn't ask for
12th round made in a completely this
show the guy was 20 seconds away from
winning the fight so happy know
sometimes you fight is closed on the
scorecards to you all this
sometimes it's not closed on the score
but and rightly so but you still must
win by his lack of us we showed a lot of
heart a lot of heart I'm how much longer
do you think Chavez can stay at 160
craziness got to stop
Vicki bomb thanks bud